adding Container Registry support (#383)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-digitalocean: website/docs/d/container_registry.html.md

---
layout: "digitalocean"
page_title: "DigitalOcean: digitalocean_container_registry"
sidebar_current: "docs-do-datasource-container-registry"
description: |-
  Get information on a container registry.
---

# digitalocean_container_registry

Get information on a container registry. This data source provides the name as 
configured on your DigitalOcean account. This is useful if the container 
registry name in question is not managed by Terraform or you need validate if 
the container registry exists in the account.

An error is triggered if the provided container registry name does not exist.

## Example Usage

> Get the container registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Basic Example

Get the container registry:
```

```hcl
data "digitalocean_container_registry" "example" {
  name = "example"
}
```

> Use the endpoint and docker_credentials in the docker provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Docker Provider Example

Use the `endpoint` and `docker_credentials` with the Docker provider:
```

```

> provider "docker" {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data "digitalocean_container_registry" "example" {
  name = "example"
}

provider "docker" {
```

  host = "tcp:localhost:2376"

  registry_auth {
    address = data.digitalocean_container_registry.example.server_url
    config_file_content = data.digitalocean_container_registry.example.docker_credentials
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: I think it would be useful to also provide a full example for the K8s use case. Something like:
(The suggestion feature doesn't seem to like markdown inside of markdown...)

### Kubernetes Example

Combined with the Kubernetes Provider's [`kubernetes_secret` resource](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/kubernetes/r/secret.html), you can access the registry from inside your cluster:

```
data "digitalocean_container_registry" "example" {
  name = "example"
}

resource "digitalocean_kubernetes_cluster" "example" {
  name    = "example"
  region  = "nyc1"
  # Grab the latest version slug from `doctl kubernetes options versions`
  version = "1.16.6-do.0"

  node_pool {
    name       = "worker-pool"
    size       = "s-2vcpu-2gb"
    node_count = 3
  }
}

provider "kubernetes" {
  load_config_file = false
  host  = digitalocean_kubernetes_cluster.example.endpoint
  token = digitalocean_kubernetes_cluster.example.kube_config[0].token
  cluster_ca_certificate = base64decode(
    digitalocean_kubernetes_cluster.example.kube_config[0].cluster_ca_certificate
  )
}

resource "kubernetes_secret" "example" {
  metadata {
    name = "docker-cfg"
  }

  data = {
    ".dockerconfigjson" = data.digitalocean_container_registry.example.docker_credentials
  }

  type = "kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson"
}
```

Author: Done and committed.

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the container registry.

> * `write` - (Optional) Boolean  to retrieve read/write credentials, suitable for use with the Docker client or in a CI system.

Reviewer: Make sure to mention the default here.

---
layout: "digitalocean"
page_title: "DigitalOcean: digitalocean_container_registry"
sidebar_current: "docs-do-datasource-container-registry"
description: |-
  Get information on a container registry.
---

# digitalocean_container_registry

> 

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: DigitalOcean Container Registry is currently in private beta. This feature will become available to the general public soon.
```

Reviewer: I've notice some providers have callout boxes, eg https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/index.html

Looking at the source, it seems to be some custom markup:

```
-> **Note**: DigitalOcean Container Registry is currently in private beta. This feature will become available to the general public soon.
```

You can preview it with `make website`

Reviewer 2: We can add this to the resource as a warning about being in beta?

```
	// If non-empty, this string is emitted as a warning during Validate.
	DeprecationMessage string
```

Author: I added the note @andrewsomething recommended.
